---
layout: default
title: "Family Attic: Family Memories for Every Generation"
when: "November 2014 - Present"
image: "oickos.png"
skills:
  - Flask
  - Python
  - JavaScript
  - Foundation-zurb
  - sqlite3
  - Facebook-SDK
links:
  - text: "Oickos.com"
    site: "http://oickos.com"
  - text: "Challenge Post Submission"
    site: "http://rootstech.challengepost.com/submissions/31172-oickos-family-memories-for-every-generation"
---

Oickos is a web service for combined with social media to store, share and celebrate family history. The name Oickos, an adaptation of the word greek work oikos, meaning family. Oickos allows users to sign in with the facebook accounts and create profile pages for family members. They can then upload photos, videos, documents and other type of multimedia for them. Whilst at the moment, it is only possible to upload files from a users computer, progress is being made to allow more social media integrations. 

<center>
<iframe width="640" height="360" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/j7M-2WBDVg8?rel=0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</center>
<br />

Oickos started off at TechLA's 28 hour hackathon on November 21-22. During this weekend, we were able to set up the basic infrastructure for creating profile pages and uploading pictures as multimedia. Although a lot of work was still needed to be done, we were ablue to place 4th in the hackathon. 

Afterwards, we decided to enter Oickos into the Root Tech Innovators challenge, an online challenge hosted on Challenge Post focusing on innovations in the family history industry. Therefore, we continued working on it until the deadline for the challenge on January 15th 2015. During this time we managed to add Facebook Login, public and privacy links for sharing on facebook, adding multiple users as editors of profile pages, more multimedia integration, and a major UI overhaul. 

In February, we entered Oickos into a Business Plan competition. During the planning and research, we decided that it would be beneficial to rename the project to Family Attic as it conveyed more information about what the product is about compared to Oickos. Although we only made it to the semi-finals (only 6 out of 62 teams proceed on to the finals), I learnt a lot about the process of reseaching and developing a business idea. From there, we decided to take a break on Family Attic until we get a clearer picture of what precisely would help the user. 
